Immutability is not provable (#20614)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/mutable/index.md

  - NeedsContent
---

_Mutable_ is a type of variable that can be changed without creating an entirely new value. In {{glossary("JavaScript")}}, {{Glossary("Object","objects")}} and {{Glossary("Array","arrays")}} are mutable by default, but {{Glossary("primitive", "primitive values")}} are not — once a primitive value is created, it cannot be changed, although the variable that holds it may be reassigned.

> Note that you can easily prove mutability: an object is mutable as long as it offers one way to change its properties. On the other hand, _immutability_ is hard to prove if there are no language semantics to secure it — it is a matter of developer contract. For example, {{jsxref("Object.freeze()")}} is a language-level method to make an object immutable in JavaScript.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this line be in the immutable topic? That's where you care.

Author: Well, it could be in either, which is why I added a link. But you are right—I'll move it over.

  - NeedsContent
---

> _Mutable_ is a type of variable that can be changed without creating an entirely new value. In {{glossary("JavaScript")}}, {{Glossary("Object","objects")}} and {{Glossary("Array","arrays")}} are mutable by default, but {{Glossary("primitive", "primitive values")}} are not — once a primitive value is created, it cannot be changed, although the variable that holds it may be reassigned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A _mutable_ variable is one that can be changed without creating an entirely new value. In {{glossary("JavaScript")}}, {{Glossary("Object","objects")}} and {{Glossary("Array","arrays")}} are mutable by default, but {{Glossary("primitive", "primitive values")}} are not — once a primitive value is created, it cannot be changed, although the variable that holds it may be reassigned.
```

Reviewer: I am still thinking about this.
